com/example/AppCiisa/controllers/BmiController.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.controllers.BmiController
com/example/AppCiisa/ui/BmiAdapter.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.ui.BmiAdapter
com/example/AppCiisa/MainActivity.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.MainActivity
com/example/AppCiisa/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.BuildConfig
com/example/AppCiisa/models/IBmi.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.IBmi
com/example/AppCiisa/utils/DateUtils.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.utils.DateUtils
com/example/AppCiisa/lib/AppLobsangBarrigaDatabase.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.lib.AppLobsangBarrigaDatabase
com/example/AppCiisa/utils/Converters.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.utils.Converters
com/example/AppCiisa/models/IUser.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.IUser
com/example/AppCiisa/lib/TilValidator.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.lib.TilValidator
com/example/AppCiisa/lib/BCrypt.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.lib.BCrypt
com/example/AppCiisa/models/BmiMapper.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.BmiMapper
com/example/AppCiisa/dao/UserDao.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.dao.UserDao
com/example/AppCiisa/ui/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.ui.DatePickerFragment
com/example/AppCiisa/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.LoginActivity
com/example/AppCiisa/models/User.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.User
com/example/AppCiisa/controllers/AuthController.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.controllers.AuthController
com/example/AppCiisa/dao/BmiDao.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.dao.BmiDao
com/example/AppCiisa/models/Bmi.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.Bmi
com/example/AppCiisa/models/UserEntity.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.UserEntity
com/example/AppCiisa/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.SignUpActivity
com/example/AppCiisa/BmiDetailActivity.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.BmiDetailActivity
com/example/AppCiisa/models/UserMapper.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.UserMapper
com/example/AppCiisa/models/BmiEntity.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.models.BmiEntity
com/example/AppCiisa/BmiCreateActivity.java
 com.example.AppCiisa.BmiCreateActivity
